PKI requirements for third-party CA (#6420)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs.md

Key trust deployments do not need client issued certificates for on-premises authentication.  Active Directory user accounts are automatically configured for public key mapping by Azure AD Connect synchronizing the public key of the registered Windows Hello for Business credential to an attribute on the user's Active Directory object.

> The minimum required enterprise certificate authority that can be used with Windows Hello for Business is Windows Server 2012, but you can also use a third-party enterprise certification authority. The requirements for the Domain Controller certificate are shown below, more detailed version could be found [here](https://support.microsoft.com/help/291010/requirements-for-domain-controller-certificates-from-a-third-party-ca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum required Enterprise certificate authority that can be used with Windows Hello for Business is Windows Server 2012, but you can also use a third-party Enterprise certification authority. The requirements for the domain controller certificate are shown below. For more details, see [Requirements for domain controller certificates from a third-party CA](https://support.microsoft.com/help/291010/requirements-for-domain-controller-certificates-from-a-third-party-ca).
```

* The certificate must have a Certificate Revocation List (CRL) distribution point extension that points to a valid CRL.
* Optionally, the certificate Subject section should contain the directory path of the server object (the distinguished name).
* The certificate Key Usage section must contain Digital Signature and Key Encipherment.
* Optionally, the certificate Basic Constraints section should contain: [Subject Type=End Entity, Path Length Constraint=None].
* The certificate Enhanced Key Usage section must contain Client Authentication (1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.2), Server Authentication (1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.1), and KDC Authentication (1.3.6.1.5.2.3.5).
* The certificate Subject Alternative Name section must contain the Domain Name System (DNS) name.  

> * The certificate template must have an extension that has the value "DomainController", encoded as a [BMPstring](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/seccertenroll/about-bmpstring).

Reviewer 2: Can we also mention that if you are using a Windows Server enterprise certificate authority with using the existing templates, then this extension is automatically included.

Reviewer 3: @MaratMussabekov - please add the recommended changes. Thank you.

Author: Dear @mapalko,
these requirements are for third-party certification authorities, for AD CA there is no need to do anything because the existing template meet all the requirements since Windows Server 2012.
I believe there is no need to mention Windows Server enterprise certificate authority in this particular element of the list, since all the elements of the list are not applicable to Windows Server CA.
What do you think?
Thank you

Reviewer 2: We've had some feedback on internal threads with confusion related to this point. Some people are not assuming these are added when added using AD CA and have asked how to configure them. I think calling it out explicitly would help clarify that it is already included.

> * The certificate template must have an extension that has the value "DomainController", encoded as a [BMPstring](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/seccertenroll/about-bmpstring). If you are using Windows Server Enterprise Certificate Authority, this extension is already included in Domain Controller certificate template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The certificate template must have an extension that has the value "DomainController", encoded as a [BMPstring](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/seccertenroll/about-bmpstring). If you are using Windows Server Enterprise Certificate Authority, this extension is already included in the domain controller certificate template.
```
